hello Berek it's trust you know those
old Meadows you give up presidential
medals of Honor yeah can I get that
Betty what I want well there's a
progress I want to give one to Guy Fieri
and all the girls from the godaddy.com
commercial hello
quick question as I said what's your
question what is it some kind of a
detail tab expand as a country in
Central Asia it's bordered by China and
Russia gotcha fellow question do we need
it so what are you having the white
house for toilet paper
got no chime in Aegeus up I don't know I
have to tell you that quilted or that is
terrific that's not really something I
know much about it doesn't matter I'm
gonna fight back to New York for all of
my number two's hello now how do I make
a bill into a law well first Congress
has to pass the bill no she's your
daughter she's God
right she's a very attractive young lady
your jug you I've gotta leave the show
what about the phone call German
Chancellor Angela Merkel Angela Merkel
are you kidding me
I'll call her if I have a boner that
needs to go away
Oh trust other question the guys are the
black rogues their supreme corn yeah a
nice place ever escapes can they can't
Belgium a stepdad prove their hey who
Obama I think there's an al
eavesdropping on her go
very good got that kidded I think I spy
out is listening to us Donald you're the
one who was telling the joke big white
Obama I'm calling you back on a secure
line about these buyout hey what's the
deal with the Gibbs what do you mean no
bud want to give me a dagger you should
not be accepting gifts from him
no I already accepted it my question is
where do I keep I mean where do you keep
your attackers I never owned any Tigers
seriously those Tigers
that's does hello Donald is that you
yeah sorry I would just die my shoe okay
it's gonna blow your bag what a Milky
Way it's the stickers without peanuts
okay Three Musketeers
it's a Milky Way with a star bell curve
well they're just attracting ingredients
in calling it a new god of getti I've a
dream Iraq's northern Bilbo
how do I talk to the Secretary of candy
buys there's no such person
that yes there is it wraps its base
tunnel full disclosure you're on
speakerphone okay who's there with you
Pilates here they have an idea I want on
its dress I just looked at a map of our
border with Mexico it's really blog
there's no way I can go to the wall that
long that's what I've been saying what
if we just put up a force field like
they did in Star Wars
that's science fiction you know I really
like Episode one that was my favorite
that's your jar thing is one of the
triplets
Saturdays Fidel Castro you can't I can't
I know a guy who does a guy no you can't
because Fidel Castro already died
earlier this week really huh sounds like
you know a guy who knows a guy
sibel Castro sure you did berries
berries an assassin outstanding you're
well hello there what are the new codes
well it's a very complicated series of
protocols I'm gonna make it seven that's
it just seven that way I can remember it
Iran access seven boom that is just add
Jackie Chan as the Secretary of
self-defense
real eggs already does your what are the
good ones that's incredibly
condescending and racist to tell a black
person they're one of the good ones
black person no I met Muslim Melania you
want to sleep in my room today Donald
this is Barack Iraq Obama I think you
dialed the wrong number
oh sorry Brett you want to sleep in my
room tonight
hello stay on the line what are you
doing
I'm calling kim jeong-hoon at
conferencing you in oh that's a bad idea
come on I'm gonna do a funny asian boy
listen you can't just go talking to the
leader of Taiwan I will be totally
honest with you I didn't realized I was
a real country so I just figured it was
like China's own version of China talk
or something
hello Hey who gives the State of the
Union speech this year you me there
isn't one this year
No then how about we give what together
we could finish each other's sentences
I don't really think that I was born in
this country
but it goes here hey Bharat I just saw
something on the news that killed me to
the core
what was it well apparently a man a
single father killed Santa Claus due to
a loophole he now has to become Santa
Claus Indian stove idea what he's doing
that's the plot of the Santa Clause it's
a movie starring Tim out
I just go spending troops in the North
Pole hello damn it I was a racist I said
of course that my best friend is black
okay I was talking about you
we're not best friend that we talk on
the phone all the time
because you call me but only best friend
call each other while they're doing
number two question what do you want for
christmas oh you don't have to give me
anything seriously anything you want
just David a very rich okay maintain
Obamacare favorite what are you doing
Donald I'm very busy this better be good
oh it's okay I guess I could call you
back is it important it's very important
but you're so busy I'll just call you
later
no just make it quick it's okay just go
ahead what right what was the name of
the actress who played Melissa
McCarthy's Bob on Mike & Molly who's it
hurts
melodia it was fuzzy Kurt whoa
hey Barack did you hear that hi one x
version of the year pretty good huh good
one honors and graduations Donald
backbeat I've officially stuck here that
the rock and Brad Reynolds and Hugh
Jackman and the home you're thinking of
People's Sexiest Man Alive ish oh right
it's still true though every let me ask
you if they fight fetches hoping he gets
a shot at president well I think the
thought crosses all vice president's
mind they are next a lot I thought so
I'll have them executed
you know that wall I'm gonna build
between us in Mexico yeah
what if they build tunnels underneath it
well Susan pointed out that potential
weakness since you first chest then I
guess we'll have to fill the tunnels
with honey certificates done you're
right I'll go in maple syrup okay who
are all the portraits around the White
House of those are all former president
really
we met women presidents before please
don't tell me you make sure the White
House kitchen is open 24 hours a day
yeah what if I watch steak will they
make these days whatever you want really
even better
no we can't have a McDonald's it's an
endangered species what we serve it at
Merrill I go deep innate advantage ice
Wednesday's bald eagles well you like
the Betsy DeVos peck for education hated
FEMA new chief for Treasury Hayden got
through DPA is a fossil fuel guy hate it
how about that Christ in the head up HUD
makes no sense hate it bad dog batter
hate it okay sex rock you been a big
help
I'm gonna go ahead with all of them what
Pakistan Kazakhstan why Stan I believe
us an all Farsi word meaning country
nerd gotcha you know so much
it's hilarious well the Lincoln Bedroom
what about it
he's not still in it is he because
Milani isn't afraid to go in there oh my
god I named another jet road to my cabin
no you think you've picked enough
general chris Christie just recommended
another one general so I got a big guy
he loves to eat
hello hey Brad what is it I want to see
one of those black Christmas movies you
know the ones with the sweaters okay
well don't you think they could have
those for white people
that's called every other Christmas
movie right you're right I think I
finally understand white privilege Jesus
yes Milani is doing Christmas cards
what's your address 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue for you which black and white and
red all over
I don't know it's you and me covered in
marinara sauce with a marinara sauce
there's a fantasy of mine I don't think
that's all five is a joke you're a joke
your whole presidency is a joke
goodbye Donald can we still do the
marinara thing hello did you hear who
came to see me at Trump Tower yeah
Kanye was oh crap what I kept calling
him stupid dog
what's coded it's an acronym for Supreme
Court of the United States
what could accurate it it's a word made
out of first letters of a series of
words like how does President of the
United States it is I thought it was
another weird name you had like Iraq
what's the White House Rose gray boy
it's just a nice area often reserved for
press events okay what it's a little gay
I knew West came to see me at Trump
Tower right what was that all about I
don't know
we shared a sandwich today's in relative
silence so nothing came out of that
meeting
oh no he's Secretary of Agriculture now
planning my huge inauguration event who
did you get to before but yours Quincy
in 2008 we had Stevie Wonder YouTube
Bruce Springsteen and Beyonce and
Beyonce came back in 2012 - those guys
are okay so who you got we got fur baby
from Obus tank and the California
hello Iraq I'm having second thoughts
about Betsy DeVos being Secretary of
Education okay I'm watching a YouTube
video of a horse that can capture Ted
with the truth you can't nominate a
horse to be Secretary of Education no
judge yet I'm sending you the link so
they say personally authorize the
hacking of the DNC yeah pretty serious
stuff right so how should I thank you
coupling Jesus Christ
I got a great idea I am gonna build a
bad-size answer to what between the
White House at Trump Tower
I'll cross through it to get to work
every morning very unrealistic you
didn't let me finish get it at certain
points in the tube
there will be treats black actresses who
talked about climate change Neil
deGrasse Tyson and it grad a kid what
are you consulting them about your
energy policies now I'm doing a
crossword puzzle back there couple of
questions about the White House go ahead
some blue what about it well is that
where I go what I've said no one more
thing the Situation Room yeah yes does
the guy from Jersey Shore live there
bless them in their room their
inauguration thing is stressing me out
you had the odds say it's pretty I got
no what
how about sting said no McCartney no I
don't know what to tell you Donald maybe
Flo the Progressive Insurance lady
see that bass dad dad
sure whatever Donnell when you decide
what your daughter's is the hottest how
do you break into the everyone similar
to that show The Bachelor I gave a rose
to the one I thought was a pretty great
idea actually we did of course that's
not what I did
just terrible human being